#> The report of Doctor Hans Iceberg
#> The Ardenor Base (26. 2. 18:38:00)
 #p.br_taron.274.204.
#> Six hours after getting the artefact Taron in a safe place professor Stevens has practised it's
 opening. Eight seconds after he has been stricken with a seizure of rage without any known
 reason. Suddenly he turned against his colleagues J. Barkli and D Johnoson. Although he did not
 have any weapon at that time, one hit in the throat was enough to kill both of them. Right after
 Mr. Stevens  has destroyed the laboratory notes and even some of the machines.
#> The complete destruction of this lab has happened unbelievably quickly. Nine minutes after the
 beginning of Steven's seizure he was paralysed and moved into isolated room. The investigation of
 the cause or the motivation of Prof. Stevens is still running.
#> A similar case has happened today during the cleaning of the laboratory. One of the members of
 the cleaning team was removing the broken parts close to Taron. Couple seconds later he
 appeared to be in a very similar state to Prof. Steven's state during the seizure. No one was killed
 because the worker has been putted asleep in time.
#> In both of these cases the rage has fallen of a couple hours later and after a short state of
 unconsciousness the stricken ones appeared to loose partly their memory. After meeting Doc. B.
 Lex I became convicted that Taron is participating on these events somehow. That is why we have
 closed the entry to the artefact and we are still waiting for another orders.
 #p.anamorf.320.184.
#> Fifteen  hours after the second incident we have accepted the order to remove the artefact to a
 more advanced and safer laboratory in Tankred. The influence of the artefact on people´s physics
 will be investigated here. We suppose that we have met a certain kind of a defensive system from
 the early times of the old civilisation. But we will be able to confirm this supposition after another
 research . The isolation and another preparation for sending the artefact on the way was done
 without any problems, I only have registered a certain nervousness among the soldiers. That was
 probably the result of the recent events. (I suggest to change the drivers every twenty minutes - in
 case the isolation of Taron was not perfect.)
#e
#e
